Update automatic troubleshooting skill docs (#7139)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/builtin-skills-reference.md

    **How to activate:** This skill is attachment-driven and activates when a rule attachment is present in the conversation. You can start a rule attachment from the rule creation form, the rule details page, or by asking the agent to "create a detection rule" in chat — the skill creates the attachment and renders an **Apply to creation** or **Update rule** button so you can save the change to the rule form.

$$$agent-builder-automatic-troubleshooting-skill$$$ `automatic_troubleshooting` {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+, preview =9.4` {applies_to}`serverless: ga`

> :   Diagnoses [Elastic Defend](/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend.md) endpoint configuration issues such as endpoints not reporting, policy response failures, agent enrollment problems, or incompatible antivirus. Queries endpoint data, inspects package configuration, and produces structured findings with specific endpoint IDs and remediation steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:   Diagnoses [Elastic Defend](/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend.md) endpoint configuration issues such as endpoints not reporting, policy response failures, agent enrollment problems, or incompatible antivirus software. Queries endpoint data, inspects package configuration, and produces structured findings with specific endpoint IDs and remediation steps.
```

nitty nit: read slightly off to me

Reviewer: too late 😢

Author: Ah, sorry for the auto-merge 😿 
Just noticed also that Elastic Defend should be an attribute, so I'll do a quick fix in another PR

Author: @leemthompo  here's the [fix](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/7163/changes) if I can get a  🦭  ✅  pls

    **Assigned tools:** `platform.core.search`, `platform.core.get_document_by_id`, `platform.core.integration_knowledge`

    **Prerequisites:** [Elastic Defend](/solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend.md) deployed and reporting.

>     {applies_to}`stack: removed 9.5+` {applies_to}`serverless: removed` The `automaticTroubleshootingSkill` experimental feature flag must be enabled for the skill to appear.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    {applies_to}`stack: preview =9.4` In this version, the `automaticTroubleshootingSkill` experimental feature flag must be enabled for the skill to appear.
```
Suggestion to make it more like "only ready this if you're using version 9.4".
It also looks like we don't document `xpack.securitySolution.enableExperimental` which is the setting users can use to turn on this feature flag. Or is it documented somewhere we could link?

Author: Thanks for flagging! Adding the setting in https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/275547 👍
